Release 1.0.5 (#55)
scrapy/itemloaders: docs/release-notes.rst

Release notes
=============

.. _release-1.0.5:

itemloaders 1.0.5 (2022-08-NN)
------------------------------

> -  Allow additional args to be passed when calling :meth:`ItemLoader.add_xpath` (:gh:`48`)
> 
> -  Fixed missing space in exception message (:gh: `47`)
> 
> -  Updated company name in author and copyright sections (:gh: `42`)
> 
> -  Added official support for python 3.9 and improve PyPy compatibility (:gh: `44`)
> 
> -  Added official support for python 3.10 (:gh: `53`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Allow additional args to be passed when calling :meth:`ItemLoader.add_xpath` (:gh:`48`)

-  Fixed missing space in an exception message (:gh:`47`)

-  Updated company name in author and copyright sections (:gh:`42`)

-  Added official support for Python 3.9 and improved PyPy compatibility (:gh:`44`)

-  Added official support for Python 3.10 (:gh:`53`)
```

Also, we could merge the last 2 bullet points into 1, and probably feature it first or second in the list.
